All-or-Nothing Thinking (Black-and-White-Thinking); Have you used words like "always", "everything", or "never"? For example, something went wrong and you thought: "Things NEVER go my way".; Overgeneralization; Have you tended to view a situation as hopeless when one thing went wrong? For example, you did bad on one exam and thought, "I'm going to fail this class".; Mental Filtering; Have you tended to focus on only the bad side of things? For example, you scored a 90 on your assignment, but you focused on the 10 points you missed instead.; Diqualifying the Positives; When something good happened, did you tend to not easily accept it? For example, you gave a speech and your friends told you you did great, but you thought, "They're just being nice".; Jumping to Conclusions (Fortune Telling or Mind Reading); Did you assume bad things might be happening when there wasn't proof? Did you make negative predictions about the future and think of it as true, or thought you knew what someone else was thinking without knowing for sure? For example, you're boss told you they wanted to have a meeting with you and you assumed you were in trouble for something or thought that your boss was considering firing you.; Magnification or Minimization; Have you made taken a small mistake and felt it was bigger than it really was? For example, forgetting to include vegan donut options when you brought donuts to work and feeling like now everyone who is vegan is upset and they morning is ruined. Or, have you looked at your accomplishments and thought of them as not that impressive? For example, you thought, "Anyone could do that."; Emotional Reasoning; Have you assumed that because you feel an emotion intensely, what you're feeling must be true? For example, you had a fight with your significant other, and you feel really sad, convinced that this means your relationship will be over.; "Should" Statements; Have you felt like there is something that you're supposed to be doing or have been holding yourself to really strict rules? For example, you thought "I should have gotten an A on this test" or "I shouldn't have eaten that donut".; Labeling and Mislabeling; You have placed negative labels on yourself or others. For example, you forgot it was your friend's birthday and thought, "I'm a terrible person". Or, someone didn't smile back at you, and you thought, "What a rude person".; Personalization and Blame; You have made yourself to blame even though you may have not had control over something. For example, a customer was upset when you were interacting with them and you assumed it was something you did.